---
layout: post
title: Double Trouble Photo Walk
categories: Photos
tags: forest
---

Hobbies are interesting beasts. They're typically something we love to do on a personal level and not necessarily something we make a living from. We do them for fun and often as a creative outlet. If you choose to you can make a career out of your hobby, but it ceases being hobby, it's how you make a living in this world. Which isn't a bad thing, it should be your goal. Do something you love and get paid for it.

Luckily I'm one of those people. I loved grpahic design. When I was kid packs of baseball cards also came with stickers of team logos. I cared more about the logo stickers. The packaging of any album I bought was just as important as the music it contained. But there was this overhead of cost if you wanted to do anything that needed to be printed, which was everything. The fear struck into newcomers design students over the cost of printing errors wasn't exactly encouraging. Particularly those of us strapped for cash. 

Then web came along. Suddenly I could design this new thing called a website, press a button and people all over the world could view it. I didn't have to worry about learning the intracacies of color reproduction and printing. Sure, web design had (have) the various browsers issues, bugs, quirks, etc. But overcoming them was fun (in retrospect) and rewarding. They taught me a lot about coding and problem solving. When someone wanted to pay me for this thing I did in my bedroom for fun, well, the rest is history.

To this day, I still love doing that fun thing that became a career. But there's always other interests and more to learn. For me, that's photography, gardening, drawing, and chicken keeping (still can't believe that last one myself). Those other interests provide variety and a way to not burnout on your other interests. The issue I've found is finding the time to do those things, or perhaps more accuratly prioiritizng my time. If there's one thing I've learned over the years, it's that for every issue there's a solution (some more obvious than others). 

My issue(s): I want to take more photos and improve as a photographer. I also want to begin to draw again, maybe even paint. I want to get better a writing. I want to continue to design and code. I now manage a team of designers, so my job is providing them the opportunities and guidance I had (which I love).

Solution: This site. I need a place to document what I'm doing and more importantly, what I'm learning. Networks like Instagram are fine, but I need something I own and have full control over. Someplace to try new design ideas and play with new coding technologies. The site I design and build supports the content I produce, and vice-versa. I need to make a concious effort to do these things and not get sucked into other time vampires.

This was just supposed to be a brief post about a photo walk I took with my daughter, the pictures I took trying to learn more about the capabilities of my new camera. Which is funny since I've been thinking as to what should be my "first post" for a while (this site has been sitting on my computer for about a year) and once I started writing it sorta just wrote itself.

Anyway, here are some of the photos from our local state park. More soon.

<div class="entry__content--feature">

{% include image.html name="20170826-DSCF0576" %}
{% include image.html name="20170826-DSCF0582" %}
{% include image2x.html file1="20170826-DSCF0586" file2="20170826-DSCF0602" %}
{% include image.html name="20170826-DSCF0588" %}
{% include image.html name="20170826-DSCF0597" %}

</div>
